This folder contains documentation about how the source code was developed and
how to use it.

The high-level design of the software was created by writing the "MyCHIPs
Pages" originally published on gotchoices.org starting around the beginning of
2018.  Those pages are fairly extensive, going into some detail about possible
financial derivative products and services that could develop surrounding a
functioning MyCHIPs network.

While that original vision is still useful, many implementation details have
become more clear in the process of developing actual source code.  So the
documents here are more current and more specific to the way MyCHIPs has
actually been implemented.

The figures included as .odg files can be opened in LibreOffice or a compatible 
program and are referenced at times from the text files.

The file chipglass.svg is an attempt at a logo for MyCHIPs that indicates its
origin in the notion that time is money.  The file chip.svg is a suggested
"chip sign" analogous to the "dollar sign" to indicate units of CHIPs.  It can
easily be hand written by making a "figure 8" with two vertical lines through.
Alternately, one can write a "backwards 3" (or curly "E") followed by a
closely placed "3" (to approximate an hourglass) and then add the two vertical
lines.

The intent of this symbol is to make a standard international symbol for a 
(relatively objective) measure of value based on the essence of human time, 
and independent of the economic forces (such as supply and demand) that tend to
change the price of human work in various economies.  Admittedly, the MyCHIPs
definition of value is still not entirely objective.  However, it is much more
objective than the modern definition of a Dollar, a Euro and so forth.

The Notes folder contains scans of original hand sketches notes, and 
calculations which could be helpful in understanding the implementation of the
software (if they can be read).
